<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE
    html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en-US">
<head>
<title>Shlomi Fish's Homepage</title>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8" />
</head>
<body>

<p>
<a href="http://www.hamakor.org.il/">Hamakor</a> is the Israeli Society
for Free and Open Source Software. Among the activities of the society, it
gives the "Hamakor Prize" for contribution to open source in Israel, whose
winners are determined by a vote by its friends and members. This year, the
prize was given for several categories.
</p>

<p>
Better late than never, we wish to announce the winners 
<a href="http://wiki.hamakor.org.il/index.php/%D7%A4%D7%A8%D7%A1_%D7%94%D7%9E%D7%A7%D7%95%D7%A8">in the Hamakor Prize</a> for 2009, in the various categories:
</p>

<ul>

<li>

<p>
The winner in the <b>contribution to open-source</b> category 
is <a href="http://szabgab.com/">Gábor Szabó (szabgab)</a>. Gabor has jump-started
the community of Perl users in Israel; he set up an active mailing list,
organised monthly meetings, as well as several Israeli conferences. In addition,
he donated a lot of code and documentation for projects such as perl5, Parrot,
Perl 6. He has <a href="http://search.cpan.org/~szabgab/">several modules
on CPAN</a> and lately has initiated the 
<a href="http://padre.perlide.org/">Padre project for implementing an
integrated development environment (IDE) for Perl and other languages, in Perl</a>
and is very active in its constant development and maintenance.
</p>
<p>
Gábor manages <a href="http://www.pti.co.il/">Perl Technology Israel (PTI)</a>
which offers training courses in Perl, in Quality Assurance (QA) and in other
fields in Israel and Internationally.
</p>
</li>

<li>
<p>
The winner in the <b>contribution to the Israeli community</b> is 
<a href="http://blog.shemesh.biz/">Shachar Shemesh</a>.
</p>
<p>
Shachar is one of the founding membes of "Hamakor" and served as a board
member three times, including in the initiating board.
</p>
<p>
Shachar is the owner and manager of <a href="http://www.lingnu.com/">Lingnu
    Open Source consulting Ltd.</a>, which provides services in the field
of open-source software. Lingnu administers several of the servers of Hamakor.
</p>
<p>
Shachar has also presented talks in the 
<a href="http://www.haifux.org/">Haifa Linux Club</a>,
<a href="http://www.cs.tau.ac.il/telux/">the Tel Aviv Open Source Club</a>,
<a href="http://tuxology.net/herzelinux/">the Herzelia Linux Developers Club</a>,
and the Jerusalem Linux club.
</p>
<p>
Furthermore, Shachar has founded and is managing several free software 
projects  such as
<a href="http://rsyncrypto.lingnu.com/">rsyncrypto</a>
and <a href="http://fakeroot-ng.lingnu.com/">fakeroot-ng</a> and also
has contributed to other open-source projects including
<a href="http://winehq.org/">WINE, a compatibility layer for
Microsoft Windows</a>.
</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>
The winner of the <b>Shmu'el Yaniv Prize for Open Source and Free Software
    in the Localisation Category</b> is 
<a href="http://tomercohen.com/">Tomer Cohen</a>. Tomer is concentrates the
translation of Mozilla products in Israel, and is also active in
advancing and publicising the Mozilla products in Israel and compatibility
of sites to them. He manages a blog on his site that discusses Firefox,
standards compatibility and other web-related topics.
</p>
<p>
Part of Tomer's activity is as part of <a href="http://mozilla.org.il/">Mozilla
    Israel - mozilla.org.il</a>, which is the Israeli community of the 
International Mozilla project, which is developing a large number of popular
open-source applications.
</p>
</li>
</ul>
</body>
</html>
